1st week
- I tried to focues on writing and graphics design, but encountered several distractions prolonging the process.
- I finalized time series correlations and on Friday discussed different versions of N-PLS with José. We picked a reduced model,
risiking that limited results that only encompass ROIs could end up the same as the input, threreby just re-affirming the ROIs 
to be most relevant regions. Still, in regards to the research question, as to how alpha and theta signatures load on different.
voxel in the PFC and parietal cortex, we decided to focus on these regions and, thus, limit interpretations.
- For figures depicting N-PLS atom weights for alpha and theta, first, I was wondering how to best move the data from R to
Python or if it might be even more efficient to use existing R packages for MRI data. However, these weren't entirely convincing and I decided that I had more freedom in handling and processing data to plot them in Python. Then, I was uncertain as to whether it was necessary to transform atom weights to t-maps or if it was sufficient to treat them as "common" ICA weights and plot them with nilearn. I decided to go with atom weights, since these provided what was needed to adequately interpret results and I doubted how well a t-map could convey what was represented in loadings of different signatures of an atom.

2nd week
- In the group meeting on Tuesday I gave my final results presentation limited to the most recent or those necessary to
understand the progression of data fusion approaches applied in this thesis. Afterwards, I integrated as much of the last
feedback from the group as possible in my Limitations and Conlusions sections. However, I was pre-occupied for most of the afternoon with work in the Psychology Department.
- All graphics were finished by Wednesday morning and all texts by Wednesday evening. I added supplementary data results as 
appendices or uploaded them. For some results I still need to refine codes and annotations, so others in my lab who are
planning to use EEG-fMRI can re-use them.
_ I ran into a few formating issues when in exported the Word file to PDF, which kept me busy until Thursday
- On Thursday, I resolved most of the formating issues and send my final draft of the master thesis to all my instructors and teachers. The PDF and Word file are now uploaded.
- Friday, I printed the thesis and handed it in.

3rd week
- After handing in my thesis, I still wanted to have another look at it when a few days passed and found a lot of mistakes and inconsistencies (and uploaded a corrected version).
- For the most part of the past week, I was preoccupied with re-writing large parts of my second psychology book for the final editing stages, selecting my courses for first semester at the CMBN and other preparations.
